you're watching John Hayes constantly
there we go like that breakdown okay
breakdown on pacquiao vs algeria i think
it's gonna be exciting fight Manny he's
not like that the Russian Rocky he moves
a little bit more so I don't have a
fight coming out with the same outcome
about Jerry losing all points out they
make another
I do have any minute on point I'm say go
get you been boo you came out if you
have to pick somebody Manny packing up
Manny Pacquiao or Chris Algieri oh
box click on Higgins
Oh
oh yeah he got no pride
shit
not for BBQ barnacle you mentioned rocky
comes a lot more straightforward though
the waters you
teletech mopping men distance the
distance talking minion I think it's
raining
original shit Frankie
vaccinations over here we'll my man King
Kong Joseph Agbeko oh dear just got done
training I want to ask you man give me a
prediction how you think the fight off
between Manny Pacquiao Chris Algieri is
gonna play out um my guys gonna win
hustle I think I think
fresh also I don't think
leaving us on the top right now I'm sure
packing
Crowley training her dad I want to get
your prediction man who are you picking
many Pacquiao or Chris Algieri you know
what I have to go without Jerry on this
one
surprisingly I know everyone thinks may
paculis timing awkward angles and stuff
like that it's gonna pay off if you
catch them but saturate me with that
with those long arms is high if it keeps
box and moving around now ranked old 12
rounds but you can he's always in shape
pure I think it'd be stick to the game
plan should be able to violate a couple
big left hands but that's it
Jerry's reach advantage can offset
and we'll try the tribe
your home when you first
Letran once asked you to put I'm getting
everybody's pick who you pick and manny
pacquiao or Chris Algieri
whoa
you're going back on that one
algeria vs pacquiao but they have no I
will rock yup we go with backyard is a
setup for Pacquiao it all
mine it might not fuck y'all fuck you're
gonna have to make a thick paste random
you know something outbreak you got how
you're gonna bring is gonna have to
bring some boss you think gonna make it
look bad it's a by supply if the bun is
like extremely close to some people
saying Chris was robbed oh gosh I mean
it was that close after four fingers but
I thought our way nothing you know fuck
out he's not developing these days over
go together sunday looking I think
everybody looking at Parker and Florida
you know you know in a lot of run so for
fun Yahoo wicked that hybrid he's gonna
have to come back you know come up Lizzy
of this guy out vika statement before
kicked off maybe that's what Jeff justin
trudeau he said the other day he said
takia he has a decimate destroy algieri
hard to make a statement even you know
I'm for him I mean for him
I want to fight Floyd and this white how
to make you have to come out and
no stop pausing are better fighter
watch me over here
of the wiki
I want to get you a pic man
versus Chris out here
there might be
fuck that out
life because if I feel
using Pacquiao's follows the boxes the
move around wings and jab
first manny pacquiao vs chris algeria
we are big
good right
I think he's training hard and I'm not
take mind off the boat fighters you know
it's going to be excited like ck well
speaking of Manny Pacquiao what do you
think about manny pacquiao vs chris
algieri Oh he'd be a tough fight you
know I think maybe money can beat that
feeling because you're more faster USB
and power like a toy you estimated any
fighter because the guy can come prepare
and Nike you all like Marcus time
Archangel backyard like a hangout yeah
so but you so you but you do lean
towards Manny Pacquiao yeah